want to know what taught in theaters
this weekend today we knew they would be
back and this weekend they invade our
theaters in the epic sci-fi action
adventure film independent state
resurgence they like to get the
landmarks in the thriller film the
shallows Blake Lively stars as a surfer
trapped between a great white shark
feeding ground and safety
and he just lost black-white rich-poor
for something more historical the
action-adventure film free state of
Jones is based on the true events of a
southern farmer who rebelled against the
Confederacy during the Civil War and
finally let's find out what taught in
theaters this weekend with this week's
fantasy patience
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket